All right.
So in this video I'm just going to show the input function which allows us to get input from a user
that will be important for this section on making decisions because we'll be able to make choices depending
on what a user types in.
So the BuildOn function again is called input and it just prompts the user from the command line to
enter something.
And so they type something and then hit the return key.
And whatever that value is that the user types in after they hit enter it's stored in a variable.
So it looks like this.
Here we have a name variable.
We're setting equal to the value of input and you can pass in a string that will prompt the user.
So you don't have to do a separate print.
You can do that if you prefer if you want it to be on a separate line but you can also just do input
in passing a string.
And this is sort of the result.
And to your name here and then a user type something in Tyrion Lannister.
They hit enter and then it's stored into the name variable so that our code could do something with
it.
So we'll be making decisions.
But we could also just print it back or in the last section.
The last video we made a super simple converter between kilometers and miles.
So we asked the user how many kilometers do you want.
And then we converted that to Miles and printed it back out.
So if you want a quick demo or maybe just a new file and I'm just going to do UBL and I'll call it input
that.
Why.
We'll just do a data equals input and we'll just ask a user what's your favorite color line just like
that.
And then we will print it out afterwards.
I'm just saying Prince you said and then plus data.
Yeah.
It's really not that exciting but it's important that we're able to get information in from a user.
So let's try running it now.
Here we go.
So we'll run Python 3 and put up why.
What's your favorite color.
Well if you've been following my other courses my favorite colors purple but if you disagree with me
never buy one of my classes again.
No I'm just kidding.
But keep it yourself because purple is a very under-rated color and it has a bit of a complex because
no one appreciates it.
But as you can see here we have a color type in purple and we've spit it back out.
So we're not doing anything with it but that's OK.
That's not what this video is about.
Now I personally prefer to actually do a print statement so I'm going to just copy this whole thing
and duplicated but I'm going to switch it up a bit just like this.
I'm going to copy the prompt and put it as a print statement first and then leave input empty and you'll
see the difference it makes it's very minor.
But if I run it again first ask me what's your favorite color and say purple and ask me again.
What's your favorite color but this time it's on a separate line.
And I personally just don't like it on the same line.
You have to remember to put a space after words are also words thrown together.
It doesn't make a difference at all.
Whatever the user types is stored in data either way it's just if you want to have a separate print
line or you want it to be on the same line.
All right so that's it to getting input the built in function is input.
You need those parentheses.
Talk more about functions later.
You can optionally pass in a string to prompt the user or print to yourself and remember that the result
is always a string and it's saved into whatever variable name you give it.
OK.
Now let's get on to decisions.